Introduction - Business Problem

A lot of shops/restaurants or businesses are closely located near subway stations.Hence we trying to understand what kind of businesses exist in different areas
and how densely each kind of business is located around the stations for it to create a cluster.
Once we do this analysis, the various stakeholders involved can make business decisions like,
 1. What business can be expanded to different areas
 2. Whom to target in the different areas
 3. What businesses have competitors already existing
 
Data

The data required are,
The subway stations in NY, the lattitudes and longitudinal coordinates of the stations,the businesses existing near each of the station
The Foursquare API will have data about the businesses near the subway station.

Methodology
The code is written using Python in Jupyter Notebooks.
The data for the subway stations are available from the open source NYC database and the business locations are obtained from the Foursquare
Now both these information need to be mapped in order to group the type busineses present around each station.
After this, we apply the unsupervised clustering algorithm to understand which type of businesses are present more around which stations to cluster them accordingly

Results
Using the K means clustering, we have now segmented the areas around the stations. Here we have developed 4 clusters and grouped the data by the 
most common venue column.
In the first cluster we see that the Italian Restaurants is high(13)
In the second cluster we see that the Pizza Places (27) is high
In the third cluster we see that the Bars(23) is high
In the fourth cluster we see that the Theatres is high
Discussion
Certain clusters show that certain businesses are abundently present, in such cases fair amount of market research must be conducted before
deciding to open up a particular type of business.

Conclusion
The usage of a simple K means Clustering Algorithm enabled us to segment the type of businesses existing around the stations.
Looking at the clusters we can not get a idea on what kind of businesses can be started.
